---
title: Exercise 
---

I think over the years my personal reasons for being active have remained mostly the same. Note the "mostly". 

### Childhood 

Ever since I was a kid I was enrolled in swimming, figure skating, basketball, taekwondo, dance, and golf... yes, golf lessons too. There are more that I can't even keep track of. Needless to say I was pretty busy with doing all sorts of things back then, although I will admit that besides all these activities, I was still pretty chubby. People did call me fat but obviously I knew that there were other people way larger, and in the same way, other people way slimmer. It still annoyed the fuck out of me back then, even if it was a joke. However, I didn't really take any action to change my appearance so that stayed the same for the majority of middle school. So I guess back then I just did all these sports and whatnot cuz they were fun. And they were. (Also it was nice that I developed my technical skills at an early age)

### Middle School

For the lack of a better word, I was a simp in middle school. I wanted to live the movie-like dream where that kid improves himself over the years and finally gets the girl who was out of his league for so long. With that sappy mentality, I did a bunch of stuff I did not enjoy, like cross country, track and field, basketball, and volleyball. 

Well actually, I did enjoy these things, but only in retrospect. The pain of waking up every morning at 6 to mission to running practice, or whatever the hell I was doing was agonizing. But I did keep this up for the 3 years of middle school because: 

1. i wanted to develop my social image as a "well rounded student" 
2. the girl I liked did track and XC
3. i wanted to get in better shape 

Notice my priorities here. Above everything else I was doing these things for social means. Honestly, it wasn't a big deal back then, and it was admirable, even. My goals in middle school were all achieved. I got more friends from doing more sports. The girl I liked (sorta) liked me back (that's complicated middle school love for you). And lastly I did get into shape while doing it. However, this mentality is something that I ended up using as a crutch all the way into high school. 

### High School

**Do you think you are perfect? If not, what is stopping you?** [^1]

I don't know where I adopted this line of thinking but I held it close to myself for quite some time (and might still today). I wanted to be the "perfect" student - good academics, good athletics, good musicality, good social life... good everything, basically. This isn't gonna be a sob story about "OH NO! I HURT MY MENTAL HEALTH AND DIDN'T PRIORITIZE MY PERSONAL NEEDS", no. Honestly I never really had issues with they way I operated but ironically, I think it was this mentality that held me back from improving myself. 

High school was mostly the same story but I went a few steps further. Joined a shit ton of clubs. Joined even more sports, even more extra curriculars. Pretty tryhard, I must say. Eventually, the lined blurred between what I was doing because I enjoyed it and what I was doing because it was cool and looked good on a resume. 

I don't exactly think that's a bad things, but my parents called me out pretty hard. They said that most of my motivation comes from external factors, such as social status, resume building, etc... and that almost none of it comes from internal factors. They basically meant that I wasn't passionate about anything in my life. 

This is a difficult situation. I was stuck mulling over whether I did things because they were desirable or whether I did things because I liked to do them. Again, the "perfect" mentality comes to mind. Admittedly, I didn't do exercise outside of sports and never really worked out for the sake of myself. I just didn't *feel* like it, frankly. I also didn't do further research into things that I was doing in clubs. I was just sorta going through the motions of being an executive member/president. 

A friend told me that if I had put so much time into sports, music, and clubs, that I did like them and I did have a passion for them. Otherwise I wouldn't be doing it. I guess. I think I was just shit at prioritizing things and put my eggs in too many baskets. Should've put more eggs into fewer baskets so I could get some better results. 

**I digress. This post is about exercise.**

Anyways in high school I did start working out but dropped it because... probably because I didn't have much external motivation. After the sticky situation I mentioned above I was reconsidering all the shit I was up to. But now in quarantine it's different. So that question: 

**"Do you think you are perfect? If not, what is stopping you?"**

Not sure. Didn't think I was gonna get this far. This post has gone to shit I keep rambling about things that don't really make sense. Anyways I think that's a pretty good answer as is. Sometimes it's better not to think too much about these things. 



[^1]: being perfect is relative. what i mean by perfect is to be the best you possible. 









