---
title: T.H
---
### Camping 

I worked at this camp over the summer somewhere in northern Ontario. It was a pretty spur of the moment sort of thing because I just happened to be available as a staff and the camp took me in pretty quickly because I had a brain and knew how to answer basic interview questions. 

Anyways I knew absolutely nobody at this camp so I was pretty much left to my own devices to make friends and new connections. It was actually pretty tough the first week but it honed my people skills nicely so I mean that's nice. I think I'll just do case studies on each person I met because I met some pretty cool people. 

<div class="divider"></div>

The first one is T.H. I'm just gonna use initials for the sake of anonymity, but who's really reading this shit anyways? 

He was a camper in my unit. Shy, reclusive, and... quirky, to say the least. He was a good kid but was quite prone to emotional stress. Always had to have a cup of coffee in the morning despite being what, 12 years old? While all of the other campers were sharing bunk beds, T.H shut himself away from everyone, claimed a corner bed, and draped sheets over his domain like a veil of some sort. 

He really liked memes. Oh my god the memes. Minecraft parodies, deep fried trash, surreal memes, you name it. He was a good kid. Hell to wake up in the morning. After waking all the campers up he'd be lying in his alcove, fast asleep. You had to literally shake him. So I guess you could say T.H had his moments. 

But where my interest really peaked is when we were at the Theatre. It's just a name for a huge cabin where there's a stage and it's where announcements are generally made to the entire camp. I was sitting by the piano and struggling to play whatever bullshit pieces remained in my head, when T.H came by and asked for a shot at it. 

He only played chords, and I was sorta confused and asked him about it. Turns out he was playing completely by ear. Interesting. So we go back after whatever we were doing there and there's a guitar that one of the campers brought, and I'm fiddling around with it. I pluck the first string, and T.H lifts his head and says, "E". 

Now I'm drawn in. I have a music tuner and tone producer in my phone, so I take it out and play some notes for T.H. 

_"A. E. G. C. G#. Ab."_

I am absolutely livid. This kid has perfect pitch and didn't even know it. No wonder why he was playing the piano by ear so damn well. With my eyes almost popping out of their sockets I tell him this and what it means and he suddenly puts on a serious face. 

_"Really? I thought I had zero talents at all."_ 

If those words didn't sting for T.H, they sure stung for me. Imagine going 12 years believing you've got nothing special about you. I pat the kid on the back and tell him that he's unique in his own way, blah blah, sentimental stuff, and mention that he's got a gift that very few people have got and he should make good use of it. T.H grins for the second or third time since camp started. 

That's case study 1. 