---
title: Giraffes and Security 
---
There once were two giraffes on an island. There were other giraffes too, but these two giraffes gravitated to eachother more than the other giraffes. 

The two giraffes have been friends for as long as they knew the island they lived on. The first giraffe always thought that as the relationship grew older, so did the shared maturity and security that they felt for eachtother. 

"We've been together a long time, so we have a very secure relationship. It's a special thing that we have." 

The second giraffe agreed with this. They also felt that they had a secure relationship.

In general, the first giraffe would help other giraffes and be kind to them more than they would help the second giraffe. Even though they had a special relationship with the second giraffe, there wasn't as much explicit affection given. The first giraffe was always like this. To giraffes that they felt more comfortable with and had a deeper bond, first giraffe felt less of a need to prove their devotion and leveraged their sense of security to provide less kind gestures. The first giraffe treated their parents and close friends the same way; and first giraffe always assumed that this was all fine and well. 

Second giraffe did not think this was all fine and well, in fact, it was hurtful and it was an issue. The second giraffe felt that they didn't recieve enough kindness, and in reality, they weren't. They tried to fix it. They called out the first giraffe. 

"I want you to act like you actually like me." 

The first giraffe was initially floored. Act like I actually like you? But I do like you. I like you so much! It took a long time until first giraffe fully grasped what second giraffe meant. 

"Since I was young, I rarely showed outward affection to others that I cared about most. When I was most secure and felt the most comfortable with somebody I felt less of a need to "prove" myself or demonstrate how much I cared about them. Now I realize that that is a flawed mentality. It meant that the closer I got to somebody, the farther and less frequent my kindness became. It should be the opposite: when you feel the closest to somebody, that is all the more reason to show how much you care about them. It isn't about "proving" anything. It's about showing appreciation. There's no deficit to doing that. There's nothing to lose, and there is so much to gain. Second giraffe, you may be secure in our relationship, but I definitely did not make you feel special or valued in it because I didn't show that explicit love because I thought that it was always assumed. With other giraffes I would show more because I lacked that security. I wanted to "prove" myself and find my footing. I took what we already had as our relationship for granted and I hurt you because of that. I am sorry." 

It would take more time and it would take more understanding for the two giraffes to resolve this. It was a difficult and confusing conversation. 